hello YouTube some me lighter mods and
probably today at four point fifty and
four point fifty three official firmware
jailbreak it works on any firmware
allows you to install package files and
it ain't not that stupid chaos femur
like it's on putting two Australian
message that's a little jailbreak
unfortunately you cannot like install
this and some of the driver because it's
a job where you can like this little
jarring all does making install package
files you can file a package file like
tell QA or something it may work but
news though this till you can stop agri
files like continues awesome file
manager at mod your games that's the
main thing in multi man anyways when you
download the same description I'll come
in this room are file and I compressed
at the safe space when you extract it
you get this file PSO you helped at that
pulp I don't you did I just don't put it
on the USB but you got to put it a
certain way so your page so you can
recognize it some pretty sure you know
how to do but for newbies like a black
guy something you don't want to open up
your USB and make a folder called ps3 I
saw that photo my capacity kept up I
mean I have voter called update after
that put the ball in here already have
it in here but go ahead and just covered
and I did not I did not make this job
back I just found it i'm spreading the
words of it i'm gonna give me the direct
download link from him so I got office
video and kind of literally pushed the
link into my description if not a real
martyr 22 so all credit goes to him yeah
after this mystic copying is playing us
v put in my port of your ps3 and then
can be installed from the recovery menu
you cannot install F in the X and B he
will not work it's going to say is not
high enough because it's just they want
55 like it's weird disappeared to for
point fifty like yet I still like the
recovery menu through system update that
way but y'all thanks for watching please
like subscribe and comment saying if
anything went wrong because I doubt it
will but yeah